Get incident task by state  add loop error (#31012)
demisto/content: Packs/DemistoRESTAPI/ReleaseNotes/1_3_38.md

#### Scripts

##### GetIncidentTasksByState

> Added support for tasks that are in error state due to failures on playbook loops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for retrieving tasks that are in an error state due to failures in playbook loops .
```

> Added support for tasks that are in error state due to failures on playbook loops.

Author: ```suggestion
Added support for retrieving tasks that are in an error state due to failures in playbook loops.
```
